welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian episode three guys this is a
really sweet show if you're on the fence
about Disney Plus go ahead and get it
cuz I'm recapping the plot points and
funny commentary for you but like the
best part of the show is the tone and
the ambiance plus over the last week
I've watched about 15 Disney Princess
movies so you guys could do that too
so our Mandalorians on his way home with
his bounty baby Yoda Carl Weathers pops
up and calls in mando which I don't
think is his real name that's just sort
of what they call him short for
Mandalorian maybe Yoda unscrews his gear
shifter oh what a rascal but mandos
really loving him so he brings him back
to his client weird accent guy your
reputation was not unwarranted we don't
know what they're gonna do with him
except for some science stuff and he
pulls out payment a big ol chunk of best
scar steel mandos like hey what are you
gonna do with the kid but the guys like
yo that is a not your concern it's
against the bounty Guild policy so mando
just lets him go he drops off the big
load with his Mandalorian girlfriend
turns out by the way it's not just the
two of them they've got a whole crew of
Mandalorians living down here as she's
making him new armor we get some more
flashback in Vega explanations that the
Empire purged all the Mandalorians
yeah that's why there's so few
Mandalorians left and they're hiding out
here in the sores they've got this one
for all and all for one noble tribe
mentality going on this is the way or I
guess you could say they're a crazy cult
that lives in the sewers
they also specifically say now that they
never take their helmets off for
anything but how do you eat anyway
mandos now got a full set of bhaskar
steel armor looking baller all the other
bounty hunters are super jealous of him
turns out that client gave out the
bounty to everyone he wanted that baby
Otis so bad he was just like whoever
brings him first Carl Weathers is super
happy cuz as the guild leader he got his
own cut got some best cars steel right
here but no vacation for mando he's
ready for a next bounty he grabs a
little Admiral Ackbar looking guy and
heads right out of there but as man was
ready to take off he notices the gear
shifter knob that baby Yoda unscrewed
and he's like that kid was too dang cute
forget the consequences it's baby Yoda
rescue time long story short mando takes
out these stormtroopers no problem he
finds baby Yoda they were extracting
something from him
they just genetic code or midi-chlorians
but the nerdy scientist guy we met in
episode one he's all like hey no I'm
trying to save him I'm a nice guy so
Mendel leaves him alive and takes baby
Yoda out of there now he's got to fight
a bunch of stormtroopers one-handed
carrying a baby Yoda and he still does
totally fine
he gets surrounded but has a trick up
his sleeve they made him some best Skaar
steel whistling Birds boom boom takes
them all out I think you should lead
with that next time
yeah sorry boss I can only agent wants
that's one awful so mandos busting out
of there but all the other bounty
hunters in the guild got the
notification that baby Yoda is on the
loose so on the way to a ship they
surround him Carl Weathers I came and oh
don't be stupid give us the baby Yoda
back man who chooses option B fight all
of them single-handed he's doing a
pretty good job of it his disintegration
rifle is a beast in the end though he's
just too outnumbered but then Boosh a
bunch of Mandalorians flying in on
jetpacks
yes that super cool and not hiding in
the sewers anymore they're helping man
to escape man dough has a final showdown
with Carl Weathers but boom the smoke
and cacao blast him Carl Weathers
survives though he happened to have the
best scar steel in his pocket lucky for
him and mando flies on out of there I
gotta get one of those mando and baby
Yoda best team up in the galaxy on the
run from everyone and that's how episode
3 comes to an end
[Music]